Add RAIL guide. (#3113)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/fast/measure-performance-with-the-rail-model/index.md

</figcaption>
</figure>

## Focus on the user

Make users the focal point of your performance effort. The table below describes
key metrics of how users perceive performance delays:

<table class="w-table-wrapper">
  <thead>
  User perception of performance delays
  </thead>
  <tr>
    <td>0 to 16&nbsp;ms</td>
    <td>Users are exceptionally good at tracking motion, and they dislike it when animations aren't smooth. They perceive animations as smooth so long as 60 new frames are rendered every second. That's 16&nbsp;ms per frame, including the time it takes for the browser to paint the new frame to the screen, leaving an app about 10&nbsp;ms to produce a frame.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>0 to 100&nbsp;ms</td>
    <td>Respond to user actions within this time window and users feel like the result is immediate. Any longer, and the connection between action and reaction is broken.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>100 to 1000&nbsp;ms</td>
    <td>Within this window, things feel part of a natural and continuous progression of tasks. For most users on the web, loading pages or changing views represents a task.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>

>     <td>1000&nbsp;ms or more</td>

Author: This breaks into new line my laptop, is it okay to sprinkle in some more `&nbsp;`?

Reviewer: Yes

---
layout: post
title: Measure performance with the RAIL model

> authors:
>   - addyosmani
>   - developit
>   - kaycebasques
>   - megginkearney

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
So many people have touched this article and there's no single owner so I think it's fine to just remove all authors.

description: |
  RAIL model enables designers and developers to reliably target the performance optimization work that has the highest impact on user experience. Learn what goals and guidelines the RAIL model sets out and which tools you can use to achieve them.

> date: 2020-06-05
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2020-06-05
tags:
  - performance
  - animations
  - devtools
  - lighthouse
  - metrics
  - mobile
  - network
  - rendering
  - ux
---
```
I can't remember if tags work outside of the blog but it's worth a try

Reviewer 2: yeah i believe they'll appear at the bottom of the post

**RAIL** is a **user-centric** performance model that provides a structure for
thinking about performance. The model breaks down the user's experience into key
actions (for example, tap, scroll, load) and helps you define performance goals
for each of them.

RAIL stands for four distinct aspects of web app life cycle: response,
animation, idle, and load. Users have different performance expectations for
each of these contexts, so performance goals are defined based on the context
and [UX research on how users perceive
delays](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/response-times-3-important-limits/).

<figure class="w-figure">
  <img src="./rail.png" alt="The 4 parts of the RAIL performance model: response, animation, idle, and load.">

>   <figcaption class="w-figcaption">Figure 1. The 4 parts of the RAIL performance model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <figcaption class="w-figcaption">The 4 parts of the RAIL performance model
```
We don't need to explicitly label the figures. LMK if you saw this somewhere in the handbook or other web.dev content. My guess is that it was just copy-pasted from WebFu.

Reviewer: Please remove any other occurrences of `Figure X` throughout the guide

  that occurred while you were recording with the **Network** section.

* [Capture screenshots while
  recording](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/evaluate-performance/reference#screenshots)
  to play back exactly how the page looked while the page loaded, or an
  animation fired, and so on.

* [View
  interactions](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/evaluate-performance/reference#interactions)
  to quickly identify what happened on a page after a user interacted with it.

* [Find scroll performance issues in
  real-time](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/evaluate-performance/reference#scrolling-performance-issues)
  by highlighting the page whenever a potentially problematic listener fires.

* [View paint events in
  real-time](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/evaluate-performance/reference#paint-flashing)
  to identify costly paint events that may be harming the performance of your
  animations.

### Lighthouse

[Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse) is available in

> Chrome DevTools,  on [web.dev Measure](https://web.dev/measure/) section, as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chrome DevTools,  at [web.dev/measure](https://web.dev/measure/), as a
```
In the WPT section below we say `at webpagetest.org/easy`. That phrasing seems to flow a bit nicer to my ears.
